#####model                       prune_method        sparsity_ratio        WW_metric           epsilon                result_save                        num_row_samples      Q_ratio       step_size        sampling_ops_per_dim         use_sliding_window            WW_metric_cache      

### Pruning method include wanda_ww / sparsegpt_ww / magnitude_ww
### Main Experiments / Best eps is searched 
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         wanda_ww                   0.7             alpha_peak            0.3       llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.7/            0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         sparsegpt_ww               0.7             alpha_peak            0.3       llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.7/            0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         wanda_ww                   0.7             alpha_peak_farms      0.3       llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.7/            2000                1              15                  15                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         sparsegpt_ww               0.7             alpha_peak_farms      0.3       llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.7/            2000                1              15                  15                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         wanda_ww                   0.75            alpha_peak            0.3       llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.75/           0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         sparsegpt_ww               0.75            alpha_peak            0.3       llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.75/           0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         wanda_ww                   0.75            alpha_peak_farms      0.3       llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.75/           2000                1              15                  15                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         sparsegpt_ww               0.75            alpha_peak_farms      0.3       llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.75/           2000                1              15                  15                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         wanda_ww                   0.8             alpha_peak            0.3       llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.8/            0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         sparsegpt_ww               0.8             alpha_peak            0.2       llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.8/            0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         wanda_ww                   0.8             alpha_peak_farms      0.3       llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.8/            2000                1              15                  15                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         sparsegpt_ww               0.8             alpha_peak_farms      0.3       llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.8/            2000                1              15                  15                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         wanda_ww                   0.85            alpha_peak            0.2       llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.85/           0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         sparsegpt_ww               0.85            alpha_peak            0.2       llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.85/           0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         wanda_ww                   0.85            alpha_peak_farms      0.25      llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.85/           2000                1              15                  15                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         sparsegpt_ww               0.85            alpha_peak_farms      0.25      llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.85/           2000                1              15                  15                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf

pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         wanda_ww                   0.7             alpha_peak             0.2       llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.7/             0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         sparsegpt_ww               0.7             alpha_peak             0.2       llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.7/             0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         wanda_ww                   0.7             alpha_peak_farms       0.3       llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.7/             2000                1              15                  15                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         sparsegpt_ww               0.7             alpha_peak_farms       0.2       llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.7/             2000                1              10                  10                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         wanda_ww                   0.75            alpha_peak             0.2       llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.75/            0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         sparsegpt_ww               0.75            alpha_peak             0.2       llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.75/            0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         wanda_ww                   0.75            alpha_peak_farms       0.3       llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.75/            2000                1              15                  15                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         sparsegpt_ww               0.75            alpha_peak_farms       0.2       llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.75/            2000                1              10                  10                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         wanda_ww                   0.8             alpha_peak             0.2       llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.8/             0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         sparsegpt_ww               0.8             alpha_peak             0.1       llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.8/             0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         wanda_ww                   0.8             alpha_peak_farms       0.3       llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.8/             2000                1              15                  15                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         sparsegpt_ww               0.8             alpha_peak_farms       0.2       llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.8/             2000                1              10                  10                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         wanda_ww                   0.85            alpha_peak             0.1       llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.85/            0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         sparsegpt_ww               0.85            alpha_peak             0.15      llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.85/            0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         wanda_ww                   0.85            alpha_peak_farms       0.15      llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.85/            2000                1              15                  15                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         sparsegpt_ww               0.85            alpha_peak_farms       0.2       llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.85/            2000                1              10                  10                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf


### Magnitude Pruning
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         magnitude_ww               0.7             alpha_peak            0.5       llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.7/            0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         magnitude_ww               0.7             alpha_peak_farms      0.6       llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.7/            2000                1              15                  15                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         magnitude_ww               0.75            alpha_peak            0.45      llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.75/           0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         magnitude_ww               0.75            alpha_peak_farms      0.5       llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.75/           2000                1              15                  15                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         magnitude_ww               0.8             alpha_peak            0.3       llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.8/            0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         magnitude_ww               0.8             alpha_peak_farms      0.4       llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.8/            2000                1              15                  15                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         magnitude_ww               0.85            alpha_peak            0.15      llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.85/           0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-13b-hf         magnitude_ww               0.85            alpha_peak_farms      0.1       llama13b_results_re/save_test_sr0.85/           2000                1              15                  15                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-13b-hf

pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         magnitude_ww               0.7             alpha_peak            0.3       llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.7/              0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         magnitude_ww               0.7             alpha_peak_farms      0.6       llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.7/              2000                1              10                  10                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         magnitude_ww               0.75            alpha_peak            0.3       llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.75/             0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         magnitude_ww               0.75            alpha_peak_farms      0.4       llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.75/             2000                1              10                  10                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         magnitude_ww               0.8             alpha_peak            0.2       llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.8/              0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         magnitude_ww               0.8             alpha_peak_farms      0.3       llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.8/              2000                1              10                  10                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         magnitude_ww               0.85            alpha_peak            0.15      llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.85/             0                   1              10                  10                           False                   ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf
pinkmanlove/llama-7b-hf         magnitude_ww               0.85            alpha_peak_farms      0.2       llama7b_results_re/save_test_sr0.85/             2000                1              10                  10                           True                    ./metric_cache/llama-7b-hf
